WKG-80: Allow the user to config the answer correctness prompt (#82)
Ontotext-AD/graphrag-eval: docs/config.md

    - `steps_name`: (`str`; required if `inputs` contains `actual_steps` or `reference_steps`) the type (name) of steps to include in the evaluation
    - `instructions`: (`str`) instructions for the evaluation
    - `outputs`: (`map[str,str]`) output variable names and descriptions
- `answer_correctness`
    - `prompt`: (`str`) instructions for the LLM on how to calculate the 
      answer correctness.
      The template variables must be named `question`, `reference_answer`, 
      `actual_answer`, and should be wrapped in curly braces (ex: `{question}`).
      The special characters `{` and `}` are escaped by duplication, i.e. 
      `{{` and `}}`.

>       The default prompt is in [here](https://github.com/Ontotext-AD/graphrag-eval/blob/main/graphrag_eval/prompts/template.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `prompt`: (`str`, default [here](https://github.com/Ontotext-AD/graphrag-eval/blob/main/graphrag_eval/prompts/template.md)) Template for instructions to the LLM on how to compute the answer correctness. Must contain placeholders `{question}`, `{reference_answer}` and `{actual_answer}` and no others. To include `{` or `}` in the final prompt, use `{{` and `}}` in the template.
```
Lines are connected throughout the documentation.

Also, reworded for clarity and conciseness.

Author: Fixed
